c:\users\onur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmayOto\EmayOto\bin\Debug\EmayOto.exe.config
c:\users\onur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmayOto\EmayOto\bin\Debug\EmayOto.exe
c:\users\onur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmayOto\EmayOto\bin\Debug\EmayOto.pdb
c:\users\onur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmayOto\EmayOto\obj\Debug\EmayOto.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\onur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmayOto\EmayOto\obj\Debug\EmayOto.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\onur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmayOto\EmayOto\obj\Debug\EmayOto.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\onur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmayOto\EmayOto\obj\Debug\EmayOto.exe
c:\users\onur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmayOto\EmayOto\obj\Debug\EmayOto.pdb
c:\users\onur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmayOto\EmayOto\bin\Debug\EmayData.mdf
c:\users\onur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmayOto\EmayOto\bin\Debug\EmayData_log.ldf
c:\users\onur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmayOto\EmayOto\obj\Debug\EmayOto.GirisEkran.resources
c:\users\onur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmayOto\EmayOto\obj\Debug\EmayOto.YoneticiEkran.resources
c:\users\onur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmayOto\EmayOto\obj\Debug\EmayOto.Yenirandevu.resources
C:\Users\Onur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmayOto\EmayOto\obj\Debug\EmayOto.RandevuGuncel.resources
C:\Users\Onur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmayOto\EmayOto\obj\Debug\EmayOto.ElemanEkle.resources
C:\Users\Onur\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EmayOto\EmayOto\obj\Debug\EmayOto.Elemanızın.resources
C:\Users\Onur\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EmayOto\EmayOto\obj\Debug\EmayOto.Gelir.resources
C:\Users\Onur\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EmayOto\EmayOto\obj\Debug\EmayOto.PersonelEkran.resources
C:\Users\Onur\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EmayOto\EmayOto\obj\Debug\EmayOto.grafikler.resources
C:\Users\Onur\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EmayOto\EmayOto\obj\Debug\EmayOto.Gider.resources
C:\Users\Onur\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EmayOto\EmayOto\obj\Debug\EmayOto.Avansveizinlerim.resources
C:\Users\Onur\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EmayOto\EmayOto\obj\Debug\EmayOto.GelirGrafik.resources
C:\Users\Onur\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EmayOto\EmayOto\obj\Debug\EmayOto.GiderGrafik.resources
